Environment modifier:

modify the synthetic planning domain with four method options. We packed all required dependencies in a docker container, you can pull the docker image from:

To run the python script `env_modifier.py`, a few parameters need to be specified:

1) Input (the original enviroment, in PDDL): a domain.pddl, template.pddl, hyps.dat (the goal candidates)

2) Options: 

`-InitRW`: number of steps

`-ObjectRM`, number of objects to remove

`-ActionRM`: number of actions to remove (the ground actions)

`-GoalRW`: number of steps to backward execute from each goal candidate

3) Number of new environments require to generate



Examples of commands:

```sh
# python env_modifier.py <input> <option> <associated_param> <number_of_env>
python env_modifier.py original_env/ -InitRW 10 1

python env_modifier.py original_env/ -ObjectRM 10 1

python env_modifier.py original_env/ -ActionRM 10 1

python env_modifier.py original_env/ -GoalRW 10 1
```





Planner:

The planner takes the modified environments or the original environments (in PDDL) as input, and it can generate a set of plans for a given goal candidate in a given environment.



To run the python script `planner.py`, a few parameter need to be specified:

Input: the environment, in this case the environment is a planning problem in PDDL format (includes domain.pddl & problem.pddl).

Options:

1) `-Topk`: generate cost optimal plans
2) `-Diverse`: generate plans that deviate from each other.

Number of plans: the number of plans you want to generate from achieving that given goal.

Time limit: instruct the planner to stop if it can't found the required number of plans in the given amount of time, and return the all the found plans to that point.



Examples of commands:

```sh
# python planner.py <input> <option> <number_of_plans> <time_limit>
```





Drift generator:

The drift generator select plans from a pool of plans generated by the planner. And it will return a series of plans (as observations) in a pattern of drift.

To run the python script `drift_generator.py`, a few parameters need to be specified:

1. Input: sets of plans, multiple sets of plans for all the modified environments and the original environment for all the goal candidates in each environment.
2. Options: 

`-Sudden`: number of observations for each environment

`-Gradual`: 1. number of observations for each environment in the stable periods; 2. number of observations in the gradual changing period.

`-Incremental`: 1. number of observations for each environment in the stable periods; 2. the intermediate stages.

`-Reoccurring`: 1. number of observations for each environment in the stable periods; 2. number of reoccurance (times of repeat).

`-outlier`: the probability of outlier (environmental change) happens.



Examples of command:

```sh
# python drift_generator.py <option> <associate_param1> <associate_param2>
```





 